[men shouting distantly]
[distant screaming]
[grunting]
[all yell]
[yells]
[explosion]
Evening.
As if my day wasn't going badly enough.
It's Trevor Belmont.
You don't seem to be doing very well.
What are we looking at?
[Alucard] Vampires and night creatures
trying to kill a castle
full of human refugees,
and a madman upstairs.
Shall we?
[grunts]
[electricity crackles]
[all scream]
[yelling]
[grunts]
[squeals]
[panting]
[screaming]
[growls]
[yells]
[grunting]
[screams]
[wheezes]
[yells]
[groans]
[coughs]
-[yells]
-[blade slices]
[shouts]
[both scream]
[electricity crackling]
[all scream]
[straining]
Finally. We're nearly there.
I'll need to create a hole in that
to get the container through.
No need. I have skills too.
Just a little taste.
Well, this is a remarkable thing.
The time approaches.
Do you have the forging phrases
from Hector?
Ah, Saint Germain.
You have been a joy to me from the start.
I'm delighted to hear it.
So human. So easily led.
From the moment we met face-to-face.
I don't believe we've ever met.
Oh, we have.
[stammering] What?
[Varney] You know me.
I've been with you for a while now.
Guiding you.
You know me.
We're old friends now.
I am Death.
And you people all took
my treasure from me.
You.
You're death.
Death itself?
My treasure, you gawping little shit.
Dracula was going to bring death
to this world
on a scale unimagined.
Something I could never do.
I am a spirit.
A function of the world.
I can't raise armies.
I can't fight an entire world
teeming with life and bleed it to death.
But he could.
And that was taken away.
I am not a vampire as you understand it.
Death is my meat.
And you people broke him.
And I can't bring him back,
because I'm not human.
Why is it that only human hands
can reach into hell?
Don't you think that's weirdly fucked up?
I can't do it.
But you could.
In your human greed, your human need,
you could and would do anything
to bring him back.
You're insane. He will be a Rebis.
Not the man you knew.
[Death] He will be a vampire,
with his own screaming wife
trapped inside him.
He will be deranged.
His rage will know no bounds.
There will be murder on a scale
never before seen.
I will feed and become
the strongest creature on this earth.
So do it.
Finish it.
It'll be fun.
Or I'll kill you right here.
And you'll never, ever see her again.
[grunts]
[creatures squealing]
Is that the last of them?
Bloody better be.
Sypha, Trevor, this is Greta,
headwoman of the nearest village.
These are her people.
How many did you lose?
That's what I'm going to find out now.
Nice to see you.
You were saying something
about a madman upstairs?
A little shit by the name
of Saint Germain.
[grunts]
-[electricity crackles]
-[screams]
[whip cracks]
[grunts]
Hmm.
[shrieks]
[yells]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[roaring]
-[electricity crackles]
-[yells]
[screams]
[panting]
[yells]
Oh, my God. That is actually Death.
What? That's supposed to be
the Grim Reaper himself?
That's what death looks like?
[Trevor] No, no, Death.
It's the name it took.
It's like a vampire,
only it feeds on whatever
leaves us when we die.
The family books called it
an elemental spirit
that disguises itself to serve power.
We saw an old vampire
jump through the mirror.
There's no one else in there.
That was him.
He was probably part of Dracula's court.
Stand back a bit.
[shuddering]
I can feel the air changing.
We're moving.
I smell the human magic.
[groaning]
[Lisa screaming]
[screaming]
[glass shatters]
[shrieks]
[wailing]
[Dracula's voice] I cannot stop this!
Lisa!
[screams]
[Lisa's voice] Are we alive?
I think I recognize this room.
[screams]
It's so beautiful.
Let go, Dracula.
Go insane.
Bring me everything I need to thrive.
Murder the world,
just so I don't have to be hungry anymore.
Hyah!
Oh, my God.
What have I done?
Belmont!
Make yourself useful!
[screams]
[shrieks]
-[screams]
-[explosion]
[sighs]
No!
[shrieks]
Idiot.
[groans]
[thunder crashes]
I love you.
Trevor.
I know.
You'd better know.
Just remember:
Trefor is a terrible name.
-[loud rumbling]
-[gasps]
[grunts]
[Trevor] Oi. Death.
I want a word with you.
[Death] You know me?
I'm Trevor Belmont of House Belmont.
Of course I know you.
Finding things and recognizing
things is what we do.
And you are absolutely a thing.
I was put here at the dawn
of life on Earth
to feed on the last breath
of every one of you fuckers.
I'm a little more than a thing.
No. You're only a thing.
You're only an old killer.
You don't make anything. You don't live.
You just eat and hide.
Is there a point to this?
Are you dictating your fucking
obituary to me, Belmont?
It's time to give this place
back to people
who know how to build things.
You and me, we're just killers
out of history.
It's time for us to go.
And who's going to make me go?
You, with your bit of string in your hand?
Probably not.
But let's just give this one last go.
Shall we?
[grunting]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[gasping and panting]
Oh!
[yells]
[screams]
[grunts]
[wheezes]
Hmm.
Well, this is a good game.
[Trevor grunts]
[groaning]
[chain rattles]
Oh, he fell down.
[grunting]
I'm going to eat your soul,
shit it out,
and use it to smother your
fucking girlfriend to death.
I am Death.
You're just a human being.
[yells]
-[grunts]
-[screams]
[blows landing]
[Death screams]
[grunting]
Hyah!
[yells]
[screams]
[shrieking]